# tradealerts

tradealerts notifies individuals or interest groups of trade events for a given policy.

This is an early prototype for the ETHGlobal San Francisco Hackathon.

## Description

This project is a social network crypto investors and interest groups.
It uses xmtp to timely deliver market signals based on a given policy.
E.g. relay buy or sell signals for crypto currencies.
The signals themselves are generated by a separate backend application that ties into Coinbase to access market data.

## How it is made

This project uses MessageKit by xmtp to deliver trade alerts to subscribed users or interest groups.
It is prototyped with MessageKit and connects to a backend using CDK by Coinbase.
We will try to host the application on Walrus.
Three components play together:

1. A Market data backend connected to Coinbase via CDK
2. A collection of algorithms processing the market data and generating trade alerts
3. A frontend application that pushes trade alerts out to end users via xmtp

## Note

This project is generated using the [MessageKit](https://message-kit.vercel.app) v1.0.11 CLI and uses the `gm` template. Below are the instructions to set up and run the project.

## Setup

Follow these steps to set up and run the project:

1. **Navigate to the project directory:**

    ```sh
    cd ./tradealerts
    ```

2. **Install dependencies:**

    ```sh
    yarn install
    ```

3. **Run the project:**

    ```sh
    yarn dev
    ```

## Variables

Set up these variables in your app

```sh
KEY= # 0x... the private key of the bot wallet (with the 0x prefix)
```
